## Daily tracker
2/24/21
- An hour of practice algorithms on HackerRank
- Fixed the load test check values for greenstand k6 load test...now results in a pass/fail based on code 201 or code 500 (only codes popping up at the moment)

2/23/21
-Dev roundtable with Greenstand.
-Worked through and cleaned up a lot of my code with the k6 testing for greenstand, starting to get a handle on what is needed and how to output that data.

2/22/21
- Interview prep, then tech interview with local company.  Reviewed more ruby.

2/19/21
- More focus on k6.  Working through the different tests GReenstand wants to get results on

2/18/21
- Ton of focus on k6 - rebuilding scripts, gettting rid of the postman bloat, cleaning up the auth side

2/17/21
- Build basic API with one to many relationship between the models with ruby on rails and postgresql using notes from GA.  Was able to get data showing in browser

2/16/21
- Tons of readings on ruby background...Highly recommend Odin...the amount of good resources could have me reading books for weeks(already spent a few days mostly reading.

2/14/21
- Reading over ruby basic data types.  THe Odin Project gives quite a few strong resources to really dive into the subject...tons of reading.  

2/13/21
- Started a refresher on Ruby.  Working through the beginnings via [The Odin Project](theodinproject.com)
- Notes stored in a github [gist](https://gist.github.com/mdcoxe/073ce2eab72a33515ef5a34c8b6eaada)

2/12/21
- Spent more time reading through k6 documentation and trying out different scripts to see how they interacted with the greenstand wallet api.  Working through building a script outside of the postman to k6 yaml conversion.  
- Spent a few hours working on visulization of the data generated by k6.  Was able to hook up influxdb to grafana as a way to see the data.  Also connected to k6 cloud to see the test real time, problem is I only have 50 tests before I have to pay for the monthly version of k6 cloud.  RIght now running influxdb with grafana is the way to go.  

To Do for the k6 testing
- Figure out the endpoints better, build the tests smaller (focus on one endpoint versus the entire api)
- Spend a little time configuring the grafana dashboard to provide meaningful results...imported a dashboard just to get up and running and half the results are null.
- Write up a step by step to initialize the k6 test.

2/11/21
- Implementing k6.io performance tests on treetracker api(smaller less code than wallet api).  starting with basic provided scripts to understand the process and how the api works.  Once fine tuned, swapping over to wallet api to try out on the dev environment.
- Ended up running into issues attempting to run tests locally.  Found I can use postman to run k6 test via the test server.  Although not as customizable, I was pretty impressed with what it can do...Out put of the detailed report was upwards of 50k lines.  The summary is more managable, probably all that is needed unless chasing down an issue with performance.
- Started working on basic notes for k6...[K6 Gist](https://gist.github.com/mdcoxe/0d1e208238689ee90c71cfaec108fe6d)

2/10/21
- Finished first wordpress/PHP tutorial


2/9/21
- More wordpress/php tutorial - initial thoughts brings me back to React and the use of components 


2/8/21
- Started Tutorial on Wordpress/PHP to be able to assist a friends non-profit building a site and for interview prep


2/5/21
- Finished Eleoquent Javascript
- More portfolio work

2/4/21
- Researching K6 performance testing
- Worked on portfolio and resume

2/3/21
- Completed General Assembly Software Engineering Immersive Certificate
